hello and welcome to strictly instep our
quest to find out just how in tune our
couples are we're joined now by Cara and
awesome I'm on this card I have
questions sent in by avid strictly fans
to find out just how much these to know
about one another so awesome if you want
to make your way over to the booth okay
question one what's Assassins favorite
pizza topping
is it salami and artichokes cheese and
tomato or ham and pineapple I'm gonna go
for the yeah I'm gonna go for the top
from top one slide the first and second
but I'm gonna go for this top question
number two if Austin was stuck on a
desert island what would be his luxury
item did he say number one his mobile
phone number two a good book or number
three his laptop with Internet he's not
top with Internet question number three
if awesome could be any animal what
would it be sis a conversation you two
have happen did he say number one dog
number two
cat or number three a bird cat he's
obsessed with cats interesting
or next couple to take the challenge is
Pamela and James hello we've got
questions here sends in by fans of yours
we're gonna put you to the test I have
to say these are friends you do have
found lots of fans oh I have to say
these are quite tricky actually and they
were impossible but we'll see I think
Pamela is up to the challenge but let's
find out without further ado James
please head off to the booth I'm
claustrophobic
come on Pamela you can do it the first
question who is James's favorite judge
is it Len Goodman is it Bruno and Alicia
or very diplomatic is it all of them
because I'm still in the competition all
of them because I'm still in the
competition diplomatic okay there was no
hesitation there from Pamela second
question favorites holiday destination
did he say skiathos Rome or Scotland
okay okay question number four tricky
one I think what shoe size is James he's
eight and a half nine and a half or ten
we visualizing the feet now a final
answer
next up it's Matt and Ali owner hi how
are you feeling do you think you know
Aliona pretty well yeah I think so it's
a nice thing for quarter of a year now
what exactly am I just yeah I'm just
wanna get it just just get on with it
just let's go well they'll be trouble if
he gets them wrong not at all no because
so much I'm actually not sure what I
answer it I said the truth or not so
just even know that's good for me okay
well that's good I'm glad we've cleared
that up and on that note Aliona if you
wouldn't mind going to the Buddhist and
the questioning will begin wish me luck
good luck okay let's dive straight in
first question if a Leona went to the
cinema what would she choose to
accompany the film we've got three
multiple-choice answers for you here
first answer is a popcorn second is pick
a mix and third is ice cream well you
see pick and mix is something that I
think because she could choose exactly
what she wanted she'd have a bag full of
her favorites so I think she she I think
near the ice cream as well oh dear
I think she might have said ice cream
but I think I'm gonna go with
pick-and-mix
I don't know yeah good yeah final answer
ah I think she might have said ice cream
oh come on it's between the two
definitely not popcorn going make a mix
what's a Leona's favorite pizza topping
is it cheese and small so is it ham and
mushroom or is it pineapple black
hollows pepperoni and green peppers and
finally Aussies a Leona's favourite
flavour of crisp
she has three favorites cheese minion
BBQ and salt and vinegar
Aliona doesn't like crisps or cheese and
onion go for the first one
which is the just because sometimes that
she has cheese sometimes she has
barbecue and she's talked about salt
vinegar let's have a conversation
seriously honestly the amount of miles
that we cover moving down the country
you know while we've been trading in
around country far I've had some random
conversations and I'm happy with it
you have to eat that ocean see a fly on
the wall hey when you two are conversing
thanks for joining us make sure you keep
up to date with everything strictly
right here at BBC coder okay